Add TeamsAIPolicy cmdlets public docs (#12077)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Grant-CsTeamsAIPolicy.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.TeamsCmdlets.PowerShell.Custom.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
applicable: Microsoft Teams
title: Grant-CsTeamsAIPolicy
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/Grant-CsTeamsAIPolicy
schema: 2.0.0
author: Andy447
ms.author: andywang
---

# Grant-CsTeamsAIPolicy

## SYNOPSIS

> This cmdlet applies an instance of the Teams media connectivity policy to users or groups in a tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet applies an instance of the Teams AI policy to users or groups in a tenant.
```

## SYNTAX

### Identity (Default)
```
Grant-CsTeamsAIPolicy [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GrantToUser
```
Grant-CsTeamsAIPolicy -Identity <String> [[-PolicyName] <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GrantToGroup
```
Grant-CsTeamsAIPolicy [[-PolicyName] <String>] [-Group] <String> -Rank <Int32>
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GrantToTenant
```
Grant-CsTeamsAIPolicy [[-PolicyName] <String>] [-Global] [-Force] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> This cmdlet applies an instance of the Teams media connectivity policy to users or groups in a tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet applies an instance of the Teams AI policy to users or groups in a tenant.
```
